Client Class Diagram
As you can see by our class diagram, we used MVC design. the controllers have instances of
the model and the views, the model has an instance of the controller, and the views have an
instance of the controller. The views extend JPanel, and all the panels are managed by this class
called Frame, which handles the panels in a card layout created with the netbeans GUI builder.





Implementation: RegisteredPlayers
Constructor reads the users file with a bufferedReader, and stores the username and password 
in a temporary array, delimited by a comma. the username and password are then added into the 
hashmap of players. It does this for each line in the file.

loginIsRegistered takes in a name and a password from the server, and returns true if the 
password matches the value of the user key.

registerIsRegistered also takes in a username and a password, and if the username exists in 
the map, it returns false because that name already exists in the map. if the username has 
not been taken, the username and password are added to the map, and appended to the end of 
the text file for future logins by the player.







Retrospective
Well:
- scheduling. we scheduled group meetings and deadlines on a regular basis in order to 
effectively complete this part of the project.

- Implementation was easy until the GUI transitions because a lot of the client and server 
were pretty similar to the echo client/server lab we did.

- client/server communications. Most of the coding was done when all of us were in the 
same place, so it was easy to ask others questions about the part that they were coding.

Wrong:
- Uneven distribution of work. Spring break threw us off in the sense that people just started 
working on parts of the project without telling the others. This lack of communication led to 
an imbalance in the type of work that people were doing.

- Git. we still don't have a completely functional repository, partly because we have not allocate enough 
time to do so, and like I said, we coded when we were all together, so that was not a huge 
setback.

- GUI transition. the very last part of this part of the implementation was the GUI transition 
from the login screen to the lobby view. We had trouble getting the login view to disappear 
when the lobbyview became visible, but we eventually fixed it by using cardlayout in the 
netbeans GUI builder.
